Nc web component documentation update and refactor (#10421)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom: packages/web-components/src/components/notice-choice/__stories__/README.stories.mdx

<dds-notice-choice
    locale="us-en"
    country="US"
    question-choices="1,2"
    state="CA"
    email=""
    terms-condition-link=""
    bpid-legal-text="false"
    enable-all-opt-in=""
    default-values=""
    >
</dds-notice-choice>
```
## Custom Event

> This even will return the field name and value. The values need to me sent to MRS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event will return the field name and value. The values need to be sent to MRS.
```
